ParseEmailFiles Bug (#11696)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_3_29.md

#### Scripts
##### ParseEmailFiles

> - Fixed an issue where the script failed to parse email with russian language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script failed to parse email containing Russian.
```
